---
layout: default
title: News 03 2021
parent: News
nav_order: 23
---



# terraform-aws-ecs - 4.8.1
BUGFIXES
- Increase instance volume size from 22 to 30 GB as required by new ECS AMI

Created at: 2021-03-29

---


# plugin-commands - 0.1.5
- Add injection of one-cli secrets environments.

Created at: 2021-03-25

---


# terraform-aws-maskopy - 0.1.0
- Initial release.

Created at: 2021-03-24

---


# terraform-aws-maskopy - 0.1.1
- Adjust lambda build variable and dev mode. 416e45b6
- Update README.md usage source version. d002d01d

Created at: 2021-03-24

---


# terraform-aws-maskopy - 0.1.2
- Remove lambdas .zip from release.

Created at: 2021-03-24

---


# terraform-aws-static-app - 2.0.6
FEATURE:

• Creates variable for a custom response page path 

Created at: 2021-03-22

---


# laravel-queue-aws-batch - v3.0.8
Bug fix of max 128 characters for job name while dispatching AWS Batch jobs via SubmitJob API.

Created at: 2021-03-19

---


# terraform-aws-backend - 1.2.1
- Main example improvements adding `provider`, `variables` and `outputs`.
-  Add provider stanza to examples main.tf. #6  Special thanks to @mdbdba

Created at: 2021-03-17

---


# docker-serverless - 2.11.1-dnx2
- Add docker to the image

Created at: 2021-03-12

---


# terraform-aws-ecs-app-front - 1.10.0
Include the **origin_access_identity** property when using a S3 bucket as origin.

Created at: 2021-03-10

---


# laravel-queue-aws-batch - v3.0.6
Bug fix for dispatching single job ID, previously the framework was relying on the pop() method from the DatabaseQueue class and the Job ID forwarded to the Batch driver was not used in the selection logic, this bug fix updates the method name responsible to handle the console dispatch in Laravel 6.x and fixes the Batch driver allowing to select a specific Job ID.

Created at: 2021-03-09

---


# laravel-queue-aws-batch - v3.0.4
Fixed Optional Connection Argument 

Created at: 2021-03-05

---


# laravel-queue-aws-batch - v3.0.5
Laravel connection ID added to the list of AWS Batch job parameters. The connection ID is extracted from the job payload and forwarded to AWS Batch providing the ability of configuring multiple Laravel connections with different combinations of AWS Batch queues and job definitions.

Created at: 2021-03-05

---


# terraform-aws-audit-regional - 1.1.0
Enable optional guardduty notification in case of any findings.

The guardduty event triggered by a finding will be sent to eventbridge.

An evenbridge rule will trigger a SNS -> Lambda and send that findings to a Slack webook.

Created at: 2021-03-02

---


# terraform-aws-openvpn - 1.1.2
Fixing NLB stickiness.

Created at: 2021-03-01

---


# terraform-aws-lambda-edge-function - 0.0.1
First release.

Created at: 2021-03-01

---

